\chapter{Classroom Building 2}

Tsinghua University currently has six public teaching buildings, of which the
first and second teaching buildings are located in the early building complex.

The older the building, the more mysteries it has, and the Second Religion is
no exception. This building is almost the most legendary place in the garden.
The second teaching is far away from the dormitory area and the current
teaching area with the third, fourth, fifth and sixth teachings as the core.
Although there are usually many tourists during the day, tourists will not
enter the teaching building, so it is not very popular; Moreover, the second
teacher does not allow self-study, so it seems particularly deserted when there
are no classes.  However, since the building is full of large classrooms, the
second teacher’s classroom seems emptyer than classrooms elsewhere when there
are classes; And with the air conditioner on, even in the sweltering heat, I
would still feel cool in the second teaching. Of course, the six religions are
similar in this regard, with each one turning on the air conditioner more fully
than the other.

The most puzzling thing about the Second Education is the numbering and
distribution of classrooms.  The floor numbers of the classrooms here are not
numbered individually, but are numbered from the first level down. The first
teaching has three floors, so all the classrooms of the second teaching are on
the “fourth floor”.  Moreover, the structure of the Second Education can
obviously be set up with four large classrooms, but in fact there are only
three classrooms 401, 402 and 403, so there is a legend that 404 cannot be
found.  In addition, the three classrooms of the second teaching have to be
entered from three different doors: 401 from the south door, 402 from the east
main door, and 403 from the north door and then upstairs.  In short, the
structure and layout of the Second Religion revealed an indescribable
weirdness.

Unusual places naturally have unusual stories, and the legend of the Second
Religion being haunted spread like wildfire because of its peculiar setting.
It is said that a pair of girls were working on a deadline in a coffee shop.
After finishing their work at two o'clock in the middle of the night, they went
back to bed. When they passed by the second teacher who had already finished
quieting the building and the door was locked, they suddenly heard a rapid
knock on the door. Was greatly frightened.  Logically speaking, at 11 o'clock
in the evening, all teaching buildings have to lock their doors, and it is
unlikely that the security guards will miss anyone in the building. What's
more, the second teaching does not open for self-study at all on weekdays, and
security guards will be there after class. Everyone was blown away, and it was
impossible for anyone to stay inside. So if it wasn't for a negligence on the
part of the security guards, it could only be a case of being haunted.  Since
this incident took place in the new century, some people speculated whether a
little boy from the Six Religions might be locked up inside. However, there is
quite a distance between the Second Religion and the Sixth Religion. The little
boy from the Sixth Religion has been doing activities in the Sixth Religion in
the evening. Will he really come to the Second Religion so far away?
Therefore, some people speculate that it may be that the ghosts of previous
enemies have not been exorcised.

This talks about a widely circulated legend in the Second Sect.  After the July
7th Incident, the Japanese invaders occupied Tsinghua University and occupied
many of the campus buildings at that time as military facilities.  After the
Japanese were defeated in 1945, Tsinghua Garden was restored. The following
year, Tsinghua teachers and students also moved back to Tsinghua Campus from
Kunming.  However, it is said that after classes resumed at the original
location, many strange things happened in the second teaching.  First, a light
in 402 became an "eternal light" that could not be extinguished no matter what;
Later, blood began to seep out of the stairs for no apparent reason, and
pitiful cries often came from the basement; Even during class, there would be
grimaces on the blackboard that could not be erased.  This incident finally
alarmed the school, so the school specially invited Taoist priests from Baiyun
Temple to catch ghosts.  Rumor has it that the Taoist priest felt that the Yin
Qi of the Second Religion was very strong as soon as he arrived at the Second
Religion. After entering the Second Religion, he discovered that the problem
was in the basement.  After a group of people entered the basement, the Taoist
priest sprinkled lime and found a series of footprints appeared on the ground
out of thin air. Following the footprints, they found a blocked doorway in the
wall. The doorway was sealed very carefully, and you wouldn't be able to tell
if you didn't look carefully.  After managing to break through the wall, a
gloomy and winding tunnel appeared. The rooms on both sides of the tunnel were
filled with bones. This is pretty much the source of the haunting.  Later, a
lot of bacterial experimental equipment was found in the tunnel, and it was
discovered that this place had been used as a human laboratory by the Japanese
invaders.  It is said that during the eight years after the fall of Peiping,
thousands of compatriots were tortured and brutally killed here. When the
Japanese retreated in a hurry, they did not have time to completely destroy the
evidence, so they sealed the tunnels they dug in an attempt to cover up their
crimes. , but never thought that thousands of innocent souls would finally make
the tragedy here known to the world.  After that, the basement of the Second
Religion was sealed; and in order to increase the yang energy and channel the
yin energy, two more doors were opened on the north and south sides of the
Second Religion, which is said to mean "Three Yang Kai Tai".  The floor numbers
of the Second Sect were numbered from "4", not to continue with the First Sect,
but to count the number of underground floors before the basement was sealed.
Later, after the basement was sealed, there were no more floors. change.

However, this story has been around for some time, and no new haunting
incidents have been reported in the decades since then. Therefore, many people
think that the knocking on the door may not have anything to do with it.  The
debate over where the knocking on the door came from was ultimately settled.
Many people believe that the two of them may have been too nervous due to the
influence of the ghost stories that circulated, resulting in delusions.  That's
what happened.

But when it comes to the peculiar floor numbering method of the Second Sect, in
addition to the "basement theory", there is also the "castle theory in the
air".  This theory holds that the two religions were originally integrated with
the first religion, just on top of the first religion, so the floor numbers
were compiled along the lines of the first religion.  But later, an expert said
that there was purple energy in Gongzi Hall. If the land on the east side
remained empty, the purple energy would leak out. It would be better to build
another building here to block the leakage of purple energy.  However, at that
time, the school did not have enough funds to build a new building, so it
invited a master to move mountains and reclaim the sea. He moved several
lecture theaters on the top floor of the original No. 1 teaching to the open
space, and then opened a few more doors. The current second religion.  When it
was first moved, the connection between the Second Religion and the First
Religion was not broken. You could walk down the stairs from the first floor of
the Second Religion back to the third floor of the First Religion. Since there
was no foundation below the Second Religion, it was called "Castles in the
air".  Later, the school demolished the stairs between the first and second
teachings, and sealed off the roof of the first teaching and the ground of the
second teaching. From then on, the first and second teachings could no longer
be directly connected. People also gradually forgot the original connection
between the First and Second Religions.

\begin{figure}[!t]
	\centering
	\includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{figures/floor-1.jpg}
	The second teaching building is a one-story structure. Both structural
	diagrams are taken from Tsinghua University's "Study in Tsinghua" public
	account on September 16,
	2018\href{https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/SHW-wviq3NYemcHZBRgi5w}{"Rescuing Road
	Idiots" | The Strongest Guide to Tsinghua Classrooms"}.
\end{figure}

\vfill

\paragraph{Chats} The author remembers that when I was a freshman, I saw an
article posted on a certain public account on campus, which was about a
collection of strange stories on Tsinghua campus. I feel that this kind of
anecdotes should be posted by "Xiaowuyeyuan", but I recently searched the
history and found no relevant articles. I think it's possible that the link
sent by some group was read by the author.  What impressed me most after
reading it was the legend of the Second Religion’s basement, so I plan to write
this article around the Second Religion. However, the memory of the story I
read at that time has long been blurred, so I collected some materials online
and reproduced it here.  Except for the "castle in the air theory" which was
made up by the author, the rest of the stories in the article were inspired by
collected materials.

\begin{figure}[!t]
	\centering
	\includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{figures/floor-2.jpg}
	The second floor structure of the second teaching building
\end{figure}

Speaking of the second education, in fact, the author only took two courses in
the second education.  When I was a freshman, I took Teacher An Yu's "College
Physics (1)", which was an online MOOC plus offline exercise discussion class.
The weekly exercise discussion class was in 403 of the Second Teaching School.
403 is on the second floor. Go in through the north door of the Second Teaching
School and go up the stairs to the back door of 403. I remember that at that
time, the front door of 403 could not be opened. It seemed to be blocked. The
only way to enter and exit was through the back door. Moreover, the second
teaching was not open for self-study, which made people feel very mysterious.
After my sophomore year, Teacher Luo Yupin's "Computer Principles and
Applications" was also taught in the second teaching, but it was in 402. 402 is
downstairs in 403. You can enter from the north building door through the back
door of the classroom, or from the main building door. Enter through the front
door of the classroom.  There are rumors on the Internet that 401 can only be
entered from the south gate, but the author remembers that the front doors of
401 and 402 were almost facing each other at that time, and you could enter
from the main entrance. The author has not paid close attention to the south
gate of the Second Religion. It seems that this gate cannot be opened.  The
upper floor of 401 on the structural diagram of the Second Sect is probably the
location of the legendary 404. According to the introduction on Wikipedia, the
Second Education actually has three classrooms and a conference room, so the
location of 404 may be the conference room. The author is not sure about this.
I have never gone up to the second floor from the stairs at the main entrance,
and I can't get out of the front door of 403, so I don't know what that
location is like.  The number 404 is also a coincidence. It happens to be the
code for the "Page Not Found" error in the HTTP protocol, so the joke "Second
Education 404 Not Found" is also circulated in the school.

According to public school history information, among the six public teaching
buildings currently on campus, the first teaching building was completed in
1952, while the second teaching building was built in 1954, both after the
founding of the People's Republic of China. Therefore, the Japanese Laboratory
The story is undoubtedly apocryphal.  However, the Japanese human laboratory is
probably not groundless. Some records show that when the Japanese invaders
occupied Tsinghua University, they occupied the old library as a military
hospital. The origin of the legend of the Second Teaching may be related to
this.  In addition, when collecting materials, I also saw someone mentioning
that something did happen to the Second Religion during the Cultural
Revolution, but the author could not find a more detailed account.  Speaking of
the human body laboratory, there is a row of bungalows in a small corner near
the school boundary in the area of the medical school on the west side of the
northwest gate of the current school. It is the school’s human body laboratory.
When we used to go for long-distance running in the sun, the author and Mr. J I
once ran here randomly.

In addition, the Second Sect does not seem to have a basement, let alone
tunnels.  On the contrary, the underground of the auditorium is very deep and
winding, like an underground palace.  Although it is just a toilet now, I don’t
know if it was considered to be used for air defense or the like in the past.

There is another interesting thing.  The signboards of Tsinghua University’s
first to fifth teachings all say “the building of the sixth
teaching\textbf{study}”, but the sign of the sixth teaching says “the sixth
teaching\textbf{room} building”, which is inconsistent. .

Someone has pragmatically analyzed the reason why the second teaching does not
open self-study. The guess is that it is far away from the teaching area,
dormitory area, and canteen. The time and space cost of coming here for
self-study is very high, so there are few people coming; the second teaching is
also a ladder classroom. , not suitable for self-study, so only the first
education and Tsinghua Academy were opened, but not the second education. The
author agrees.  Speaking of which, the author once met someone who was too
stubborn to study on his own.  The author took a class during my senior year,
which was in the last eight weeks of college. When I go to No. 102 for class on
Friday morning, I can always see people studying there, and then when class
starts around 7:50, they pack up and leave.  Let’s not talk about why we have
to go to a teacher far away from the dormitory area early in the morning to
study on our own, but let’s discuss another matter.  Logically speaking, after
attending classes for a few weeks, even an elm-headed person can figure out
with his rotten toes that there is a class on Friday in the first period of No.
102, so why should he still be so stubborn about it in the morning of No. 102?
What about self-study but can’t change classrooms? This person maintained this
puzzling behavior until the Friday of the last week. I don’t know when, but in
short, he came to No. 102 for self-study very early, and then waited until
about 7:50 in the classroom when the class was about to start. Leave again. The
author can't figure it out.

As the garden gets older, there will be all kinds of stories. The strange
stories in Tsinghua Garden are not limited to the second teaching building.
There are many other mysterious places with stories. For example, the Tsinghua
Academy opposite the second teaching building. .  As far as the author's
personal feeling is concerned, Tsinghua University is actually more bleak than
the Second Education. The author has only been to Tsinghua Academy a few times.
The first time I was introduced to Tsinghua University was Mr. C. Later, when I
was a senior, I tried to choose "Basics of Cryptozoology" in the School of
Cryptozoology. I took classes there for a few weeks and then dropped out. Every
time I go in, I feel very cold. Even in summer, I feel chilly all over. It is
even worse in winter, and I always feel as if the heating is not turned on. I
really can’t imagine how Mr. C and his classmates in the academy managed to
attend classes there for four years.  Another widely circulated legendary place
is the Six Religions. It is rumored that the Six Religions were built on mass
graves. As a result, ancient tombs from the Ming and Qing dynasties were
excavated last year at the construction site of the Unearthed Documents
Protection Center and the New Civil Engineering Museum in the north of the Six
Religions, which is legendary.  In addition, there are also strange rumors
about the thirteenth poplar tree east of the Six Religions. The author did not
look carefully because it was too profound.  By the way, it is said that the
small forest to the east of the Sixth Religion, behind the main building and in
front of the complex is usually the place where the mandarin ducks perform at
night, but the author has not personally verified it.  It is also rumored on
the Internet that the Wanquan River is the source of Yin Qi, and the small
bridge across the Wanquan River on the south side of Building 28—actually the
place where the bridge used to barbecue—is the place where Yin Qi gathers, so A
small bridge barbecue restaurant was set up to introduce some fireworks and
drive away the negative energy.  However, Xiaoqiao BBQ has been demolished for
so long now, and there doesn't seem to be any ghostly or harmful incidents.
The author also saw someone mention that there are some strange legends about
the main building 425, but the author did not find a specific story, so I will
not mention it here.

\nocite{ClassroomBuilding2_Leg1,ClassroomBuilding2_Leg2,ClassroomBuilding2_Info1_THU,ClassroomBuilding2_Info2_Wikipedia,ClassroomBuilding2_Anal1,ClassroomBuilding6_Leg1,WanquanRiver_Leg1}
\putbib
