\chapter{Moonlight over Lotus Pond}

The news in the newspaper really frightened me, and I urgently found Mr. C to
discuss the matter. After talking with each other, I suddenly remembered that
there is a dangerous legend about the lotus pond.

\begin{figure}[!b]
	\centering
	\includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{figures/Lotus Pond.jpg}
	Lotus Pond in Sun-Setting.
\end{figure}

According to legend, the lotus in the lotus pond is not an ordinary lotus, but
a lotus fairy that confuses passers-by with its beauty and phantom sounds.
During the day, the lotus pond is no different from other lotus ponds. The
water surface is clear and round, and the lotus flowers stand gracefully among
the green leaves. They are pink and white, like fairies descending to earth,
charming but sacred.  But when night falls and the time gradually approaches
midnight, the lotus pond that should have gradually fallen into silence will
become lively again. The lotus flowers turn into beautiful dancing girls, and
the midnight party of the lotus fairy begins.  Their songs are magical, just
like the sirens in Greek mythology, captivating the soul, and the listeners
will unknowingly enter a dreamland.  They have graceful figures and graceful
dancing postures. In the moonlight and under the shadow of the trees, the light
and shadow are psychedelic, as if they are playing famous songs gracefully on a
Buddhist bell.  If there happens to be a little mist rising from the water,
looking from a distance, the dance floor seems to be separated by a layer of
gauze, and the figures of the fairies are even more hazy. When I watch it
intoxicatedly, I feel like I am quietly enjoying the faint singing on a tall
building in the distance, and I gradually become intoxicated by it. In the
wandering mind, it is more like smelling the unique lotus fragrance on the
fairies, which stirs the audience's desire.

Originally, we might never know that there was such a gathering in this lotus
pond.  But more than 90 years ago, a confused scholar accidentally entered this
place while walking at night. Intoxicated by the singing and dancing of the
Lotus Fairy, he soon fell into a fugue. In a daze, he was far away from the
lotus pond and soon returned to his door.  After escaping from the lotus pond,
he took notes and wrote down the incident. Only then did people realize for the
first time that there was such a world that did not belong to humans in the
lotus pond.

Not everyone who visits the lotus pond at midnight is so lucky to escape
unscathed.  It was a full moon that night when the scholar visited. Through the
thin clouds, the hazy moonlight was really beautiful. The lotus fairies were in
a good mood. Perhaps because of this, the fairies did not make things difficult
for him.  However, the moon waxes and wanes. It is said that when the moonlight
is completely obscured by clouds or coincides with the new moon, the fairy's
dance floor loses its light source, making it difficult to hold a dance in the
dark, and the irritable lotus fairy will disturb it by passing by. The
passers-by at the gathering vented their anger, sucked in their essence, ate
their flesh and blood, and gnawed on their marrow.  And the night we went to
find Ling Ling Pavilion, that is, the night the drunk man entered, was the
third day of May, and it was cloudy again. The already dark moon like a hook
was completely blocked behind the clouds, and it was a real dark moon murder.
night.  Thinking of this, we couldn't help breaking out in a cold sweat. While
sighing at the drunken man, we were also secretly glad that we didn't wander
around the pool. After we went up the mountain to find the pavilion, we went
down the mountain and left in time, and escaped from danger. 

\vfill

\paragraph{Comments} The creativity of the story in this chapter was inspired
and adapted from Mr. Zhu Ziqing's "Moonlight over the Lotus Pond".
