\chapter{Prelude}

In the blink of an eye, I have spent three years in Tsinghua University.  In
the past three years, I have eaten in 11 canteens in the garden, been in and
out of 4 libraries, visited 6 teaching buildings, and also used Forrest Gump to
run around all kinds of small corners. I thought I was right. Tsinghua
University is very familiar with it.  However, in the fourth year, I was
surprised to find that there were so many places in the garden that I had never
set foot on...

\vfill

\begin{figure}[h]
	\centering
	\includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{figures/second-gate.jpg}
	Tsinghua University
\end{figure}

\paragraph{Diary} In 2020, due to the sudden epidemic, I was stuck at home for
a semester, and graduates were finally allowed to return to school in June.
After graduation, the author will go to another school to study for a Ph.D., so
this was originally the last semester that I could stay in the garden, but now
there are only a few weeks left.  After leaving this time, the chances of
coming back will be much less. In order to leave more memories, the author made
an appointment with my friend C to visit Tsinghua University before leaving
school.  Walking on a deserted path at night, you will feel a subtle sense of
tension and excitement, so I chatted with Mr. C about ghosts, monsters, dark
moons and high winds, and while chatting and laughing, I came up with the idea
of making up some weird stories.  The author's writing style is boring and
weak, and it really lacks expressiveness. It was originally just a joke, but I
finally decided to write it down as a commemoration of my four years at
Tsinghua University.  The stories here are all fabricated; the strange powers
and chaotic spirits have their origins; the chats over tea are for your
enjoyment.
