\chapter{Zero-Zero Pavilion}

To the south of the lotus pond and to the north of the West Lake, there is a
hill. On the hilltop to the west, there is a tall pavilion called Zero-Zero
Pavilion.  In 1970, the academic system of Tsinghua University was changed from
6 years to 5 years, and students of both grades graduated in the same year.  At
that time, the school used to use the graduation year as the class number, so
those who enrolled one year earlier were called "zero-character classes" and
those who enrolled one year later were called "zero-character classes." This
pavilion was donated and built by alumni of the Zero-Zero Class.  The pavilion
has two floors and tall spiral steps. It stands on the top of the mountain and
is the tallest building in this area. It offers a beautiful view of the
original royal garden.

\begin{figure}[!b]
	\centering
	\includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{figures/west-mountain.jpg}
	Overlooking to the west mountains on Zero-Zero Pavilion.
\end{figure}

Mr. C and I had visited this pavilion during the Sunshine Long Distance Run
before.  I was running casually at the time, and I just remember passing by the
West Lake and finding a faint pavilion on the mountain, so I found a way to
climb up. Passing through the trees, a tall pavilion suddenly burst into view.
We were out of breath from running, but after we climbed to the second floor, a
cool breeze hit us, which was very refreshing.  The field of vision also
suddenly broadened. Looking east leisurely, you can find the crimson corner of
the Six Religions among the greenery; looking far west, you can even see the
majestic Western Mountains in the distance: for a moment, there is a sense of
heroism of "seeing all the small mountains at a glance", as if your mind has
changed accordingly. Be more open-minded.  We were all deeply impressed by the
scene. So Mr. C proposed to climb Ling Ling Pavilion again today.

However, none of us remembered the specific location of this pavilion. We only
roughly remembered that it was next to the lotus pond and close to the West
Lake, so we went straight to the lotus pond.  The north bank of the lotus pond
is a flat river, so there can be no pavilion on the top of the mountain. I
turned around the island in the middle of the lake and found no double-story
pavilion that fit the impression I had at that time.  So we looked for it on
the south bank of the lotus pond.

The lotus pond is close to the living area. Many people come here for walks and
activities in the evening. Therefore, compared with other places in the garden,
it has a strong market atmosphere, just like a park in the city.  However,
people who go out for a walk at night gather on the north bank of the lotus
pond and the northwest corner of the island in the middle of the lake. There
are very few people on the east and south sides. If you walk along the coast,
you can only see one or two people fishing silently.  We headed south along the
east bank of the lotus pond, to the Lotus Bridge and then to the west. As soon
as I crossed the Lotus Bridge, I realized that the place was much less popular.
The sun has set, it is cloudy again, thick clouds cover the moon, and the dense
woods on the south bank are added to it. At this time, walking on the dark
tree-lined path, a cool breeze blows, and it feels a bit cold.  The further you
go in, the denser the trees become, and the light becomes darker and darker.
The path is like a black hole with no exit, and it never ends. At this time, I
saw a winding path extending into the dense forest on the mountain.  The breeze
blew by, and I couldn't help but shiver slightly in this midsummer season. Then
I pointed to the path that turned out and said, "The pavilion should be on the
top of the mountain. We have been walking along the lakeshore for a long time.
Why don't we go here?" Go up and look for it." Mr. C agreed, so we walked up
the mountain.

\begin{figure}[!h]
	\centering
	\includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{figures/zz-pavilion.jpg}
	Zero-Zero Pavilion
\end{figure}

The path up the mountain is full of potholes, many of the paving stones are
missing, and there are fine gravels scattered on the surface, giving the
impression that it has not been maintained for a long time.  Near the top of
the mountain, the woods are slightly sparse. You can see the dark clouds in the
sky and the hazy buildings in front of you. Zero-Zero Pavilion is right in front
of you.  We were overjoyed and hurriedly ran along the mountain road to the end
and arrived at the Zero-Zero Pavilion that we had longed for. However, we were
surprised to find that the mountain road was blocked and broken, and the
pavilion was completely surrounded. It was obviously being renovated and we
could no longer go up to have a view of Tsinghua University. Disappointed, we
had no choice but to turn back and go back down the mountain.  At this time, a
gust of wind passed through the woods and made a sharp whistle. We both
couldn't help but shiver again, and we unknowingly accelerated our pace down
the mountain.

When he was about to walk out of the path by the lake, a man smelling of
alcohol walked towards him.  The path was narrow and could barely accommodate
his staggering steps, so we had to quickly move to the lawn by the roadside to
let him pass first.  Perhaps he had just finished attending the game and was
planning to find a quiet place with few people for a walk after dinner to eat,
sober up, and then go home, so he wandered into the tree-lined path regardless
of the darkness. , walking towards the south of the lotus pond.  Since we were
strangers, his affairs had nothing to do with us, so after we came out, we
found our bicycles and left in a hurry.  Nothing happened that night.

However, at noon three days later, Mr. C suddenly came to me in a hurry and
handed me a copy of that day's newspaper.  I looked down and was shocked by a
piece of news in the newspaper: â€œYesterday, a headless male corpse was found
near a construction site on a hill inside a university in Beijing. He died in a
miserable condition and had lost all his blood.  The forensic doctor initially
determined that the time of death was in the early morning hours two days ago.
The case is currently under further investigation. " Although the black and
white picture in the newspaper was a bit blurry, I immediately recognized that
it was the hill where Zero-Zero Pavilion was located...

\vfill

\paragraph{Diary} On the evening of June 23, the author asked Mr. C to go out
and tour the campus together. On the way, Mr. C mentioned that he wanted to
visit Zero-Zero Pavilion again, so the two of them went to the West Lake and the
Lotus Pond to look for it.  After searching for a long time, I finally found
the pavilion on the hill south of the lotus pond, but found that the pavilion
had been surrounded and renovated, so I returned disappointed.
